---
toc: true
layout: post
description: We are looking for multiple highly motivated students to join our M.Sc. and Ph.D. program to start working on cutting-edge research on fundamental and practical aspects of deep learning in signal processing.  

categories: [markdown]
title: Open positions
---
Graduate student positions are avilable: 

<p style='text-align: justify;'>
We are looking for multiple highly motivated students to join our M.Sc. and Ph.D. program to start working on cutting-edge research on fundamental and practical aspects of deep learning in signal processing. The candidate will be hired as Research Assistants in the Department of Robotics and Mechatronics at Nazarbayev University and will work closely with the supervisor.
</p>
<p style='text-align: justify;'>
**Fundamental aspects**: the candidates need to have a solid background in mathematics (calculus and linear algebra) to be able to modify some existing deep learning architectures. Once these models are developed, the candidate will work to implement the newly developed architectures in common deep learning platforms such as Keras or Pytorch. This will lead to some exciting new architectures with a long-lasting effect on the deep learning community.
</p>
<p style='text-align: justify;'>
**Practical aspects**: the candidate will work with various existing deep learning architectures and a number of computational pipelines for analysis of time-series data collected from various EEG-based Brain-Computer Interface paradigms. The goal in this line of research is to train predictive models that can capture discriminative spatial/temporal features for the robust decoding of mental states.
</p>

<p style='text-align: justify;'>
The projects will be supervised by Berdakh Abibullaev, Assistant Professor at the Robotics and Mechatronics Department, and Amin Zollanvari Associate Professor Electrical and Computer Engineering Department, School of Engineering and Digital Sciences
Nazarbayev University.
</p>
The positions could start as soon as possible.
